net/af.c		standard
net/if.c		standard
net/raw_cb.c		standard
net/raw_usrreq.c	standard
net/route.c		standard
netdecnet/nsp_input.c	optional decnet
netdecnet/nsp_output.c	optional decnet
netdecnet/nsp_subr.c	optional decnet
netdecnet/nsp_usrreq.c	optional decnet
netdecnet/tp_input.c	optional decnet
netdecnet/tp_output.c	optional decnet
netdecnet/tp_usrreq.c	optional decnet
netimp/if_imp.c		optional imp inet
netimp/if_imphost.c	optional imp inet
netimp/raw_imp.c	optional imp inet
netinet/if_ether.c	optional ether inet
netinet/if_loop.c	optional loop inet
netinet/in.c		optional inet
netinet/in_pcb.c	optional inet
netinet/in_proto.c	optional inet
netinet/ip_icmp.c	optional inet
netinet/ip_input.c	optional inet
netinet/ip_output.c	optional inet
netinet/raw_ip.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_debug.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_input.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_output.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_subr.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_timer.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_usrreq.c	optional inet
netinet/udp_usrreq.c	optional inet
netpup/pup.c		optional pup
netpup/pup_proto.c	optional pup
netpup/raw_pup.c	optional pup
sys/init_main.c		standard
sys/init_sysent.c	standard
sys/kern_acct.c		standard
sys/kern_clock.c	standard
sys/kern_descrip.c	standard
sys/kern_exec.c		standard
sys/kern_exit.c		standard
sys/kern_fork.c		standard
sys/kern_mman.c		standard
sys/kern_proc.c		standard
sys/kern_prot.c		standard
sys/kern_resource.c	standard
sys/kern_sig.c		standard
sys/kern_subr.c		standard
sys/kern_synch.c	standard
sys/kern_time.c		standard
sys/kern_xxx.c		standard
sys/quota_kern.c	standard
sys/quota_subr.c	standard
sys/quota_sys.c		standard
sys/quota_ufs.c		standard
sys/subr_mcount.c	optional profiling-routine
sys/subr_prf.c		standard
sys/subr_rmap.c		standard
sys/subr_xxx.c		standard
sys/sys_generic.c	standard
sys/sys_inode.c		standard
sys/sys_process.c	standard
sys/sys_socket.c	standard
sys/tty.c		standard
sys/tty_bk.c		optional bk
sys/tty_conf.c		standard
sys/tty_pty.c		optional pty
sys/tty_subr.c		standard
sys/tty_tb.c		optional tb
sys/tty_tty.c		standard
sys/ufs_alloc.c		standard
sys/ufs_bio.c		standard
sys/ufs_bmap.c		standard
sys/ufs_dsort.c		standard
sys/ufs_efs.c		optional efs device-driver
sys/ufs_fio.c		standard
sys/ufs_inode.c		standard
sys/ufs_mount.c		standard
sys/ufs_nami.c		standard
sys/ufs_nd.c		optional nd device-driver
sys/ufs_subr.c		standard
sys/ufs_syscalls.c	standard
sys/ufs_tables.c	standard
sys/ufs_xxx.c		standard
sys/uipc_domain.c	standard
sys/uipc_mbuf.c		standard
sys/uipc_pipe.c		standard
sys/uipc_proto.c	standard
sys/uipc_socket.c	standard
sys/uipc_socket2.c	standard
sys/uipc_syscalls.c	standard
sys/uipc_usrreq.c	standard
sys/vm_drum.c		standard
sys/vm_mem.c		standard
sys/vm_mon.c		standard
sys/vm_page.c		standard
sys/vm_proc.c		standard
sys/vm_pt.c		standard
sys/vm_sched.c		standard
sys/vm_subr.c		standard
sys/vm_sw.c		standard
sys/vm_swap.c		standard
sys/vm_swp.c		standard
sys/vm_text.c		standard
